Welcome to Goldman Sachs 10,000 Women.
My name is Jiyoung.
10,000 Women is built on years of experience working with female entrepreneurs.
It has been written by world-leading academics and
experts and been tried and tested on a global scale.
To date, the Goldman Sachs 10,000 Women initiative has reached over 10,000 women
from across 56 countries and resulted
in sustained business growth for graduates of the program.
You will hear inspiring stories from 10,000 Women alumni from
around the world who have already implemented
these tools and succeeded in growing their business.
You will also have the opportunity to connect and collaborate with
your peers who run a whole range of diverse businesses.
You are encouraged to make the most of this online platform to engage with
your peers, and share and discuss your business experiences and knowledge,
as well as the new techniques which you will learn to grow your business.
Patricia: The program helped me with confidence,
a validation of what I believed,
because what I believed before was my own personal belief.
The 10,000 Women program helped me realize that actually it was a valid point,
that that was the way to make my business grow,
that was the way to manage my business with
my family, to be able to make it more successful.
Clarice: After the course, I feel more comfortable,
more courageous. I have more information about
my business, about the numbers, and about the marketing.
Madge: After 10,000 Women, I have greatly improved in many ways,
including management and leadership.
Ayo: The 10,000 Women program also helped me to realize the importance of teamwork.
So, the data gathered from forecasting was very,
very effective in being able to communicate with my staff,
the challenges on the ground,
and the opportunities that we also had.
Clarice: The networking helped me to change experience,
to talk about problems,
to talk about results,
and to talk about new suppliers and new employees.
This is very important to my business.
Take this opportunity to step back from
the daily management of your business and give yourself time to think,
reflect and view your business objectively.
I promise you, it will be worth it.
Welcome to Goldman Sachs 10,000 Women.
It's time to get started. 

Welcome to 10,000 Women, a global initiative that fosters economic growth by providing women entrepreneurs around the world with a business and management education.

This is one of 10 core courses available in 10,000 Women.

 Each course provides a comprehensive set of frameworks, tools, and templates on critical topics to support your business and plan for further growth.   

The aim of this course is to ensure that you identify one specific growth opportunity for your business, and start the planning process to assess the feasibility of that opportunity. This opportunity may be in response to a challenge to your business, or to enable you to expand further. If you wish, you can then complete other courses in 10,000 Women, to focus on the different aspects of your business needed to realize your growth opportunity. 

In this course, you will also be introduced to the Business Growth Plan (BGP) – a key output you can choose to develop if you complete multiple courses in 10,000 Women. Each course in 10,000 Women contains key exercises to progress your business planning and analysis. You will immediately benefit by applying what you learn in a course directly to your business. Developing a BGP enables you to combine these exercises into a dynamic and ongoing document analyzing yourself, your business and environment, to guide your business growth. 

This course concludes with a short online assessment. Once you have successfully completed the assessment, you will receive additional bonus materials related to the course materials to help you further grow your business. The bonus materials will include a range of new content, including video assets and interactive exercises, and downloadable documents, to support your business growth and encourage further analysis of your business.
Course map

To review the topics covered in this course in more detail, select the interactive course map below. The map will open in a new tab. Close the tab to return to this page after you have finished.

Interactive course map

Select the document below to access the map in a printable format.

Develop your business skills further with 10,000 Women

Each of the 10 core courses in 10,000 Women represents one step towards growing your business successfully and contains approximately five hours of learning. They each cover a different aspect of your business: from your leadership style and management structure, to resource allocation and operational efficiency. This core collection is supplemented by a range of shorter elective courses. 

10,000 Women is flexible – you can take any course, or combination of courses, to tailor your learning journey to your individual business growth needs. 10,000 Women is free and you can access and revisit the courses at any time, in any location that is right for you – as many times as you like or need to. 

The 10,000 Women community will be an important source of information and support for you throughout each course. The engaging content and the interactive exercises encourage discussion with your online peers. There will also be many opportunities to express your thoughts, and share your ideas and experiences with others. You will not be alone on your learning journey.
The flow of the courses which make up the 10,000 Women program.

Select the document below to access the curriculum map in a printable format.

If you wish to explore and join the other courses, visit the 10,000 Women collection page

.     
Using the exercises to enhance your business 

As you apply the knowledge that you gain, you will develop a deep understanding of the mechanics of your own business growth. Your approach to growth will also become more systematic and strategic.

Some of the exercises include templates for you to complete. Templates are provided in two formats: 

    Microsoft Word (DOC), which allows you to electronically edit the content.

    Portable Document Format (PDF), which you can use to print and view the template. 

It is recommended that you save all of the documents you are working on for 10,000 Women in one location. This will help you to build a portfolio of work which you can access easily.

As well as completing the online exercises and getting involved in the discussions, your learning will be further enhanced if you involve your employees, management team, personal network, and other external advisors in your business analysis and planning. You can use this course, and the other courses in 10,000 Women, to support you to communicate your opportunity, vision, and ideas to your team, stakeholders, and customers.

Remember, what you learn on 10,000 Women is for life – not just for the one business opportunity that you are focusing on now. You will be able to apply the same tools, techniques, and principles to future opportunities by revisiting these online materials at any time.
Register with 10,000 Women 

As well as sharing ideas with other participants in the discussion forums, you can register with 10,000 Women today to learn from other participants and graduates. When you register with 10,000 Women, you will receive newsletters that include helpful guidance and invitations to exclusive webinars that focus on key topics to support your business growth. 
One of the key features of 10,000 Women is the power of the network created between like-minded individuals. By taking part in 10,000 Women, you will be joining a growing international network of business owners who are shaping their local and global communities.

To make the most of this network, share your experiences with others, discuss the topics presented, and support other participants in identifying their own opportunities. You will be able to share your expertise with and learn from many new business owners.

You will all have similar aspirations and mindsets, but you will also have diverse perspectives and different experiences. Your peer group will understand and support you in whatever you are trying to achieve, and provide you with valuable feedback.
A series of women business owners smiling.

You will be amazed at how many challenges you will share, whatever your sector or your location.

To engage in the discussion below, write a short post introducing yourself to the other participants.

In your post, you could include the following:

    The skills and expertise you can share with other participants.

    The support and guidance you will offer other participants.

Once you have added your own post, take time to read through the other introductory posts and comment on any that you find interesting or relevant to your own experience. You can return to this discussion at any point. 
The discussion on the previous page will have shown you how diverse and exciting the 10,000 Women community is.

As the leader of your business, you may find it difficult to meet other people who understand the pressures of running a business.

Explore the international range of this online community using the interactive global map, and add your own location. You can return to this map at any time – you may find new participants nearby.

Select the online community map below. The map will open in a new tab. Close the tab to return to this page after you have finished.

Maximizing your growth potential

One way to grow your business is to identify and develop a new business opportunity. In the rapidly changing world, you always need to be looking for new opportunities; you cannot just continue with business as usual if you want your business to grow and be successful.  

As you respond to your business environment, you may find that you need to make changes to be successful. You may also have long-term ambitions for your business. Whatever your motivation, to maximize growth potential you need a clear opportunity that fits both your business and your own personal drivers (as shown in the diagram below):      

    Your vision of business growth may suit you and your business, but without a true opportunity, your growth will be relatively static.

    If an opportunity suits your business well but does not fit in with your personal drivers, it can cause stress.

    If you pursue an opportunity that suits you but does not match your business’s competencies, it can create considerable strain on your resources.

A Venn diagram showing that maximizing growth potential is the intersection of the business owner, business and opportunity.
Your opportunity

This course focuses on developing and defining your opportunity. You will begin by exploring ideas for potential opportunities. You will be encouraged to adopt visionary thinking with a no-limits approach to creating new ideas.

By applying some key assessment criteria, you will then be able to assess which of these ideas has the most potential as a growth opportunity for your business, culminating in a documented Opportunity Statement. This is a vital step. Your Opportunity Statement is an important foundation for your growth strategy. 
You and your business

You can choose to complete the other courses in 10,000 Women to reflect and improve on your skills and experience, and also analyze and refine many different aspects of your business. 

To get started, at the end of this course you can carry out some reflective exercises, covering:

    your business's strengths and weaknesses 

    your own confidence as a business owner. 

These exercises will be available to you when you have successfully completed the short assessment at the end of this course. 

Business growth opportunities are all around us.
It's often the case that rather than too few opportunities
business owners face too many.
Sometimes, it can be challenging to know which opportunity is the right one to pursue.
What makes a good opportunity?
How can you know which is the best opportunity for your business?
Let's take a look at the characteristics of an opportunity.
A good opportunity is one which solves a customer pain point
is a new product, service or market
builds on existing competencies
has the potential to be profitable
and fits the business owner's strengths.
Let's explore each of those characteristics in more detail.
1 – Solve a customer pain point.
A customer pain point is a need or a demand
for a product or service that is not being addressed.
This happens when there's no product or service available
or when the current offering does not satisfy the customer's needs.
2 – Offer a new product service or market.
Offering a new product or service into the market you currently
operate in can be a good way to grow your business.
Alternatively, you might decide to adapt
your current product or service for a new market.
3 – Build on your existing competencies.
The business skills, knowledge, processes
and systems that your team possess are what make you unique.
They provide you with the potential to maximize new opportunities.
You can apply these competencies to develop a new growth opportunity.
Play to your strengths.
But don't be afraid to move outside of your comfort zone.
4 – Make sure it will be profitable.
Any new business opportunity needs to be profitable.
If you're unsure, do your research and get advice.
You could also start with a trial of your opportunity
for a short time to check if it could be profitable.
5 – Find something that fits your strengths.
Just like the portfolio of your existing business
the new opportunity also needs to fit you personally
either because it fits your passion or suits the skills and knowledge you have.
Keep these five characteristics in mind as you start
to identify new opportunities for your business. 

Let's take a look at how a 10,000 Women alumna
chose her business opportunity in the following interactive video.
You'll be asked which opportunity you think they should take
and be able to see what your peers thought too.
You'll then find out which option the owner chose.
Hi. I'm Kalyani, founder of Ancient Living, a social enterprise.
Ancient Living is into manufacturing of organic
personal care products and native games.
The three opportunities I could explore
one was to market my product through organic stores.
The second one was to market my products
through general stores where I could reach a wider range of customer base.
The third one was to sell my product unbranded
to companies who could add the products into their product range.
If I choose to market my product through organic store
I could give quality products and stay with my values.
But the disadvantage is that
the market is smaller and I will have a smaller customer base.
If I choose to market my products through general stores
I would definitely have a wider range of customer base but then
we will have to compromise on the quality because of the price constraint in that market.
If I choose to market my products unbranded to companies
that would really increase the revenues
but it wouldn't go well with the vision to build the brand.
We chose to market our products through organic stores to make sure
that we stick to our values and deliver a high-quality product to our customer base.
We were also confident that the market would grow. 

Preparing to generate ideas for your growth opportunities
An icon representing an exercise – shows a pencil and a checklist.

In the interactive exercise on the next page, you will generate and refine new ideas for your business’s growth. You will be encouraged to think creatively about potential growth opportunities which you can then put into action. These could aim to significantly grow your business, or to enable your business to successfully manage a transformative change in circumstances or market demand. 

For each of your ideas, you will consider its feasibility, and identify whether it is a Grounded, Blue Sky, or Spaced Out idea:
A diagram showing the three levels of idea innovation: Grounded, Blue sky and Spaced out. 
Grounded ideas

Grounded ideas are safe and incremental – the next logical step in growth or maintaining your current business. An example of a Grounded idea for growth would be opening a new warehouse in a neighboring area to ensure that delivery to that area is more efficient, and to expand your existing capacity.

Grounded ideas are not bad ideas, but the growth they offer is limited to your existing business lines. They may be necessary for your everyday business, but take the time now to consider if you can expand the scope of these Grounded ideas to transform them into Blue Sky ideas.
Blue Sky ideas

Blue Sky ideas are progressive and forward-looking and offer an innovative approach to customer pain points or an inventive move in your sector.

An example of a Blue Sky idea is the implementation of a new, efficient method of product distribution such as introducing one-hour delivery slots on motorbikes. This could offer better reliability and speed of delivery than your competitors.
Spaced Out ideas

Spaced Out ideas are much more ambitious and larger in scale, but are not necessarily achievable in the short term.

An example of a Spaced Out idea might be immediate product delivery via a customer’s own 3D printer – a scenario which is not currently possible on a wide scale. However, the core concept of delivering the product faster, and in a way no competitor can, could inform a more realistic Blue Sky idea.

Think creatively, and identify as many exciting and innovative ideas as you can using the interactive exercise on the following page.

Generating ideas for your growth opportunities (Exercise 2)
I will offer services to construction companies, as well as to state and local government agencies.
I will buy out competing dry cleaning businesses in my town.
I will expand my digital services to three new countries.
I will begin to bottle our drinks products for retail customers, as well as supply them in bulk.
I will add computer software implementation and integration services to our current computer system maintenance offer.
I will license the manufacture of our products to original equipment manufacturers.

Articulating your opportunity:
When growing your business
expressing your ideas clearly is a key skill.
It not only shows you have a good understanding
of your business and the direction you want it to take
it also develops confidence in your leadership.
Effective communication is essential for any business owner looking to drive growth.
Which of the following descriptions of the same business opportunity is the most clear?
B is the best Opportunity Statement.
It uses clear language to identify
the business opportunity without identifying specific methods to pursue it.
There are a number of things to consider when writing a good Opportunity Statement.
Firstly, your statement should be suitable for a wide audience
from company employees to potential funders.
Secondly, although the identification of a business opportunity
happens by using your creativity and evaluating your personal thoughts and feelings
your Opportunity Statement should be professional and appropriately formal.
Finally, your statement must be clear and jargon-free.
If someone reading your statement has to look up an acronym or cannot
easily understand the opportunity without asking for more information
you have not expressed your statement clearly.
Your Opportunity Statement should show you have a detailed understanding
of your idea and have carefully assessed
that it meets the criteria for a good business opportunity.
It's key to check that your opportunity meet all of the five key characteristics.
1 – It solves a customer pain point.
2 – It involves something new
a new product, service, or market.
3 – It builds upon competency already held in the business.
4 – It has the potential to be profitable.
5 - It suits you personally and is compatible with your motivations. 


Reflecting on your Opportunity Statement

Your detailed Opportunity Statement is a personal document tailored to your circumstances and business. Having completed it, share your experience of writing it.
A series of women business owners smiling.

In your post, you might want to discuss the following:

    How writing the statement helped crystallize your business growth opportunity.

    The benefits of clearly articulating and developing an Opportunity Statement.

Once you have added your own post, please read and comment on the reflections of other participants.
